cloud: add private link connection docs for overview and Confluent (#22246)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/serverless-private-link-connection-to-aws-confluent.md

---
title: Connect to Confluent Cloud on AWS via a Private Link Connection

> summary: Learn how to connect to an AWS Confluent instance using an AWS Endpoint Service private link connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
summary: Learn how to connect to a Confluent Cloud Dedicated cluster on AWS using an AWS Endpoint Service private link connection.
```

---

# Connect to Confluent Cloud on AWS via a Private Link Connection

This document describes how to connect a {{{ .essential }}} cluster to a [Confluent Cloud Dedicated cluster](https://docs.confluent.io/cloud/current/clusters/cluster-types.html) on AWS using an [AWS Endpoint Service private link connection](/tidb-cloud/serverless-private-link-connection.md).

> **Note**
>
> Among all Confluent Cloud cluster types on AWS, only Confluent Cloud Dedicated clusters support private link connections.

## Prerequisites
   
- You have a [Confluent Cloud](https://confluent.cloud/) account.

- Your {{{ .essential }}} is hosted on AWS, and it is active. Retrieve and save the following details for later use:

    - AWS Account ID
    - Availability Zones (AZ)

> To view the AWS account ID and available zones, do the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To view the AWS account ID and availability zones, do the following:
```
